Yesterday I was watching the last episode of Game of Thrones and I was really disappointed with the ending!
I want to go to the cinema but the are not good films at the moment, so... I guess I'll have to wait.
What is wrong with the paintings nowadays. There is no effort put into them.
This was the worst tennis match I've ever seen. It was really dull.
Super Mario is and will always be the best videogame saga ever created.
I actually enjoyed last night's episode of House MD. I found it very entertainig.
I cannot understand why people don't like sculpture. It's like the best thing human race has done.
I love painting but I have no time because of my work. It's so frustrating!
I love this country.
Call of Duty was overrated years ago but now is so underrated. Anyways it's a fantastic game franchise.
How can people prefer Windows to Linux? It's so ridiculous it's funny.
I think the economical situation of this country could be much better in the right hands. It's a pity :(
If a genie came out of nowhere and asked you for a wish waht would it be? I would ask for a decent finale for Prison Break. What a bad eding for such a good TV series.
I should be elected president. I would do it far better than the actual government team.
I love The Good Doctor but sometimes it is a bit explicit. It must be really stressful to be a surgeon.
If I had to take one thing to a desert island it would be any of my books. I love reading!
Don't you hate it when you are ill and you want to sing? It's very annoying.
I've always loved cartoons but sometimes people say I'm weird because of that xD.
As one of the most successful teams in the country, Arsenal have often featured when football is depicted in the arts in Britain.
Have you ever watched any film of the Lord of the Rings? They are so long that I almos fell asleep in the second one.
I want a new computer but I don't know much about the subject. Any ideas?
Symbols of science, art and magic can be found in primitive cave paintings in France.
Crash Twinsanity should be remastered, is the best game of the Crash Bandicoot franchise.
Would you rather watch Star Wars or Harry Potter? I've always wanted to see one of the film sagas but I am too busy to watch them both.
Oh my god, tomorrow it's the first chapter of the last season of Game Of Thrones. What a great series.
I'm so sleepy today. I suppose I should sleep more.
Baseball is often called "the great American sport".
Hey, wanna buy a new mobile? Check out the new IPhone. It's full of new and incredible gadgets. You have never had a phone like it.
Any one else loves singing Disney songs? They are really fun.
I love baseball.
What do you prefer Android or Apple? I think the answer is obvious ;)
Football is the best sport ever!
I love videogames soundtrack. It sometimes makes me feel relaxed.
What's your favourite cooker? Mine is Arguiñano :)
How can people say the first seasons of Breaking Bad are that great? It's too slow until the fourth season, but I'll admit it was so amazing since then.
I've always loved The Simpsons but I think they shouldn't try to copy other series that much becasue they are losing the reason of their success.
Ramsay Bolton is by far the most evil character in Game of Thrones. How can anyone like him?!
Robert Knepper is such a great actor. He could make you feel sorry for the most disgusting character in Prison Break.
This robot can hold an egg without breaking it.
Carry your drinking water in a reusable bottle. Plastic water bottles are an environmental disaster!
Is MediaMarkt a good place to buy a new keyboard?
I think Bates Motel is a great adaptaion of the original film. Freddie Highmore and Vera Farmiga did an amazing job portraying Norman and Norma.
I love the Beatles but I think their songs were way longer than they should.
In recent years electronic computers have become increasingly important.
He studies astronomy, or the science of stars.
The earthquake in Hokkaido caused extensive damage.
This sculpture represents Leda, the wife of Tyndareos, the king of Sparta, getting raped by Greek god Zeus, in the form of a huge swan.
Reading is my pasion. I wish I had more time to do it.
In addition to his mathematical work, Talbot also published on astronomy and physics.
Environmental problems call for quick action.
Hey, I’m a Sports Design & Digital Content Creator delivering big results for clients through creativity and engagement.
"Metroid Prime 3: Corruption" is a videogame by Nintendo sold exclusively for the Wii.
A tsunami warning has been issued in Chile after a magnitude 8.0 earthquake struck 49 miles off the coast.
A blank paper, a pencil and some colors in a rainy day are everything I need to feel inspired to draw.
The devaluation of the currency dealt a crippling blow to the nation's economy.
Never believe the politicians because they believe that "Dishonesty is the best policy for getting elected."
Indeed, the religion in the sight of Allah is Islam.
If a series makes you fall asleep you should reconsider if you are watching the right series.
Albert Einstein's theory of relativity is the most famous formula in the world.
Although anime is not my favourite kind of TV shows, I'll admit Death Note is one of the series I have most enjoyed in my life!
That part of the film that's very critical of the internal politics of the government was rejected by censorship.
I recently started teaching at a cram school. Mainly I tutor maths and English to students individually.
Michael Jackson's album Thriller is the best-selling album of all time.
Near the door there is an special robot designed to keep away intruders.
The invention of the mobile phone took place in the seventies, and it became accessible to all in the eighties and nineties.
The article on Buddhism revived my passion for Oriental religions.
What is the distance from the Earth to the moon?
Inspired by Asian religions, he created beautiful sculptures.
The mass of the planets is calculated according to the law of universal attraction.
Japanese are not so particular about religion.
I might have already seen this film, but I don't remember any of it!
Let's meet in front of the theatre.
With videogames, children no longer play board games.
You should reconsider practicing sport instead of watching it all day, good afternoon ;)
There are many, many planets in the Milky Way which are just as big as Jupiter.
Super Mario Bros. was released thirty years ago.
Can leopards run as fast as cheetahs?
Science explains many things that religion never could explain.
The coach asked the players to give their 110 percent for the next football game.
Cristiano Ronaldo is the best footballer of this generation.
Gravity binds the planets to the sun.
In the U.S., freedom of religion is one of the guarantees of the Bill of Rights.
Miles Davis was an American jazz musician.
I have never seen a rugby match as exciting as yesterday's match.
Freddie Mercury was one of the best singers to ever live on Earth. He was unique!
That's because Shintoism and Buddhism are practiced in their daily customs instead of as their religion.
I'd like to try out skydiving.
The sun is shining, the temperature is 6 degrees C, therefore cycling is possible.
A dog controls its temperature by panting with its tongue out.
"The Simpsons" is one of my favourite TV shows.
What's your favorite Michael Jackson music video?
Baseball is a popular sport in several Latin American countries.
I noticed that you are in the hospital recovering from heart surgery.
The other physics teacher, Mr. Meyer, actually makes the class interesting.
ACDC leads the way in rock music genre.
I love Judo but I am afraid I will hurt myself.
Pfff I don't like reading so I think I'll wait to the cinema adaption.
Jon Snow can do a lot more. Why they always make him look that useless?! He could be better written like some of the other characters of the series like the Lannister family.
Although I do not usually enjoy Spanish music I love some bands like Amaral or Mecano.
Nintendo is the best company ever! Fight me!
Many politicians were accused of corruption, voter fraud and theft of public money.
Final Fantasy is not a movie, but a videogame.
The space agencies launched thousands of robot probes all over the Solar System to explore different planets.
I'm tired of people complaining about sport professionals. Do it better!
That was a horrible performance. She was not even singing in pitch xD.
Don't buy Apple guys, it's not worthy.
I would love to be a doctor but it's so much responsability.
Don't worry, he's not a world champion baseball player.
New game idea: Monkeys in suits with fancy hats on their heads in a 8-bit game with a collection of  terrible ninjas
College football coaches spend a lot of time recruiting high school athletes.
A group of eminent scientists from around the world have voted Blade Runner the best science fiction movie of all time.
"IT" by Stephen King is the best book I've ever read.
This season, the best team in pass accuracy is the Manchester City.
Stack Overflow is a great place to acquire knowledge.
These pieces of concept art for the final battle in AVENGERS: ENDGAME have been released!